1 minute review. Assassins Creed three. Ready? Go. It's
good. I like it quite a bit. It actually feels like more
like a franchise evolution instead of some sort of crappy
expansion pack. The new setting goes a long way to make the
whole game feel a lot more fresh. I really enjoy the new
outdoors areas. Some of them are really impressive in terms
of scope and the freedom of movement you have through all
the streets. There are a lot of different things that you
can do to keep you playing. The hunting is really cool. I
really like the all new ship battles. The online multiplayer
is a decent distraction, but it's nothing that's going to
hold your attention. The improved graphics engine is very
impressive. It can hold a lot of characters on screen, even
though they all look like they're wearing lip gloss. The
story is really good and there are a bunch of hidden items
everywhere for you to find. However, with all the fun things
on the side, it takes a big focus away from one of the most
important aspects the assassinations. It's becoming less and
less about finding your target and finding a way to approach
them and then kill them. There is still some of that in
there, but it's not nearly as cool as it has been in the
past. But it still has great gameplay. And most important
importantly, it's absolutely worth your time and money. And
it's way better than Assassin's Creed revelations.
Assassin's Creed Three gets a score of an eight out of ten.