1 minute reviews. Paper mario sticker star ready. Go. It's
good, but it's not the RPG that you expect. For example, the
battles have been stripped away a lot of their RPG elements
from the games of series past. The game is all about
collecting stickers and using those stickers in battle, and
once the sticker is used, it's gone. So the game is more
about resource management than strategy or leveling. There's
almost no reward for Battles. The only thing you get from
battling is coins, and the only thing you spend your coins
on are more stickers. In that aspect, the RPG elements are
much more airbones, but still has the talent and plenty of
side quests for you to do. The game is easy except for boss
battles. Those are really tough and causes extreme spikes
and difficulty. It's still presented really well. The 3D
effects are excellent and the music is really catchy. It's
still a lot of fun to play. I definitely recommend checking
it out or buying it if you can find it for a good price.
Once you get past and accept the missing RPT elements and
take the game for what it is, it's a good game and it's
worth your time. Paper Mario StickerStar gets a seven out of
ten.