1 minute review. Dead space three ready? Go. It's kind of
good. Forget about the demo for a second. It still has
plenty of tense moments inside of their electric ships with
stuff jumping out of vents, but it certainly has a definite
greater focus on action because of this. You end up with way
too much ammo with way too much help, making the whole game
insultingly easy. There are still puzzles sprinkle
throughout the whole game, and those are pretty decent.
There are still a few great Dead Space style set pieces, but
those are punctuated by really stupid action moments. There
is a lack of creativity in the enemy types. There's a lot of
repeat enemies from the first two games, and not much else
beyond that. The ability to dodge roll is a much welcome
addition. However, the COVID mechanic is absolutely
worthless. There's no point to having this in the game. I
like that exploration is worthwhile going off the objective
pass does yield some pretty good rewards. The Coop mode is
enjoyable. It doesn't really ruin the experience at all, but
it's only really enjoyable if you played on higher
difficulties. You do get good value for your money because
there's lots of replayability. There are several different
game modes that you can unlock. It ends up being a decent
horror game that gets watered down too much by action and
trying to go for mass appeal. It certainly isn't as good as
Dead Space One or two. Dead Space Three gets a seven out of
ten.